documentation: Add dry dep description to BVOC section, and add references (#4131)
ESCOMP/CTSM: doc/source/tech_note/BVOCs/CLM50_Tech_Note_BVOCs.rst

.. _rst_Biogenic Volatile Organic Compounds (BVOCs):

This section describes (1) emissions of volatile organic compounds from vegetation and (2) dry deposition of atmospheric gases.  
These processes are needed for atmospheric composition simulations, but do not affect the land state.

Biogenic Volatile Organic Compounds (BVOCs)

> ===============================================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Biogenic Volatile Organic Compounds (BVOCs)
===============================================

This section describes (1) emissions of volatile organic compounds from vegetation and (2) dry deposition of atmospheric gases.  
These processes are needed for atmospheric composition simulations, but do not affect the land state.

Biogenic Volatile Organic Compounds (BVOCs)
===============================================
```
Testing with the title back in its orig. location, right after the .. _rst_ line, to see if this corrects the build error.

   :label: C3 arctic grass parameter

   C_{g} = 95 + 9.49 e^{0.53 (288.15-T_{240})}

Dry Deposition of Gases in the Atmosphere
=========================================

> Dry deposition is represented following the Wesely resistance approach as described in :ref:`Lamarque et al. (2012) <Lamarqueetal2012>`. Following this approach, all deposited chemical species (the specific list of deposited species depends on the chemical mechanism used) are mapped to a weighted-combination of ozone and sulfur dioxide depositions; this combination represents a definition of the ability of each considered species to oxidize or to be taken up by water. In particular, the latter is dependent on the effective Henry’s law coefficient. While this weighting is applicable to many species, we have included specific representations for CO/H_{2} and peroxyacetylnitrate (PAN). Furthermore, it is assumed that the surface resistance for SO_{2} can be neglected. See :ref:`Lamarque et al. (2012) <Lamarqueetal2012>` for details and additional references.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dry deposition is represented following the Wesely resistance approach as described in :ref:`Lamarque et al. (2012) <Lamarqueetal2012>`. Following this approach, all deposited chemical species (the specific list of deposited species depends on the chemical mechanism used) are mapped to a weighted-combination of ozone and sulfur dioxide depositions; this combination represents a definition of the ability of each considered species to oxidize or to be taken up by water. In particular, the latter is dependent on the effective Henry's law coefficient. While this weighting is applicable to many species, we have included specific representations for CO/H_{2} and peroxyacetylnitrate (PAN). Furthermore, it is assumed that the surface resistance for SO_{2} can be neglected. See :ref:`Lamarque et al. (2012) <Lamarqueetal2012>` for details and additional references.
```
